===================================
Astral Projection Truth Newsletter
Issue 1: 21/May/2005
This newsletter is copyright
Frank J. Kepple and must not be
reproduced without prior written
permission from the author.
===================================


Okay, here we go with the first ever edition of our newsletter. I
aim to publish at the end of the first and the third week in every
month. I want to keep the actual dates slightly variable so as to
give me a degree of flexibility. I find writing quite difficult. I
am not a born writer and it always takes me a while to get a piece
into a form that I think transmits what I have to say as clearly
and as logically as I can make it.

Regarding the Astral Pulse forum, there hasn't been much Phasing
news on the forum of late and we've had a little technical problem
that has put a spoke in the works. I intended attaching a little
digest of the main forum posts as they applied to the Phasing Model
of consciousness, but there has been nothing much to speak of. So
I'm going to kick off with a little introduction, let my thoughts
run and we'll see where it leads.

I've also got a bit at the end that introduces a possible new
service that you might be interested in. I'm thinking of setting up
what I call my Virtual Classroom for a limited number of more
serious-minded people who might want to join. None of the details
are finalised yet, but I give you the bare bones of it and invite
you to register your interest.

The wider reality is a vast topic. Hence it's difficult to know
where to begin. I need to break it all down into easily chewable
chunks, then you have to reconstruct it all again in your own mind.
Hopefully, the model of consciousness that you build in your mind
will be the same one I am trying to convey. If not, then I will
have failed in my mission and it's back to the drawing board
explaining-it-wise.

Why do we need a model?

Because it's the only way I can convey the information.

There is no need, for example, for me to present a conceptual model
of a suspension bridge. We can simply view an actual example. It
may well be that in a number of years technology will have been
developed to allow a person to experience the wider reality at
will. The idea of putting a device over one's head, plugging it
into a computer, and running an automatic projection "program" is
perhaps not quite as far-fetched today as it appeared 20 or 30
years ago. A teacher will simply "project" with a number of pupils
into an area of common consensus reality such as Focus 3 of
consciousness, and show them around. Or people will be free to
explore on their own, or with their friends, and any variation
besides.

This kind of thing *is* set to happen.

Today there are many calls for people to "prove it". But this
perceived necessity will progressively be overtaken, as more and
more people are able to project with a fair degree of certainty
using some kind of device. After all, unless you happen to be some
kind of technological scientist, no one actually "proved" the
existence of electricity to you. It's simply not necessary. People
just accept it's existence as part and parcel of life. We don't
need anyone to "prove" it to us before we switch on a light. We
simply switch on the light, or we just plug the kettle in. That is
how projection is set to become. The need for proof will be
overtaken by the fact that people will simply project. Eventually,
it will become as accepted as switching on a light.

There IS a wider reality!

I cannot prove this to you but I can present you with a model of
its structure. My model does differ from most other people's ideas
on the matter. But that's because I drop all the mystical
attachments that, for some weird reason, have latched onto this
topic. In essence, the structure of the wider reality is fairly
simple to comprehend. Once you understand the various ground rules
that apply and what goes on where, then it all starts to make some
kind of sense.

Knowing about the wider reality as I do, on the occasions when I
have flipped through the old mystical works I can readily see where
they were coming from. I mentioned on the Astral Pulse forum the
other week about how Judaism actually creates a structure that is
remarkably similar to the model I present. I was quite amazed, in
fact, at how well these early explorers had it all set out. But the
BIG problem is that the basic structure is almost completely lost
under layer upon layer of mystical conditioning. Any ordinary
person reading it wouldn't be able to make head nor tale of it. But
because I know how the wider reality is set out, I can separate all
the wild assumption, from the bits they got right.

My goal is to present a model that people can understand.

Mystics revel in mysticism and by its very nature it wouldn't be
mysticism if ordinary people could understand it. I always found it
weird how laws are written for ordinary people to abide by yet no
ordinary person can understand what the heck it's all about. So we
need an army of lawyers to translate it all for us and even then us
ordinary folks can't afford their fees. If laws were simple and
straightforward then we wouldn't need anywhere near as many
lawyers. Likewise, if people could explain the wider reality in
simple terms people could understand, so they could follow it and
make sense of it - thus enable them to experience it for themselves
- then we wouldn't feel any more need to believe in mystics. They'd
all be out of a job, as it were.

We need to move beyond mere beliefs and start talking about what
actually IS.

The religious types always keep hitting me with this one. They
always try to posit from the point of view of me pitching my
beliefs against their own. Then they try and switch it by
presenting the view that my beliefs are no more or no less valid
than there beliefs. Nope, that is not where I am coming from. I am
not presenting to you my beliefs on the matter and Phasing is not
some kind of alternative religion! My goal is to inform you of what
the wider reality entails, and to do that as accurately as
possible. Quite what religion has to do with the wider reality is
difficult for me to fathom. A person once said to me, "How can you
possibly know anything when you don't even believe in God?" Thing
is, while I do not believe in God, I understand why people have
come to believe in the objective notion of a creator. It's all to
do with the way Focus 4 of consciousness is structured. But more on
that some other time, as the experiencing of Focus 4 of
consciousness is quite an "advanced" concept.

There is a lot I need to get across to you first.

It's just that I never know what possesses these mystical and
religious types to think that they somehow have a complete monopoly
on this topic. As I have said many times, I do not have a religious
or mystical bone in my body. Never have and never will have. I am a
scientist, not a mystic. I know it will happen that a tiny number
of people will subscribe to this newsletter, not to actually learn
about my Phasing approach and to gain benefit from that for
themselves, but to read it then write to me and criticise what I
have to say. Complaining about something or other. Calling me a
"heathen" is a popular one at the moment. I tell you now that I
will simply delete your email and unsubscribe you from the
newsletter. So if that's your motive, have a little respect for my
time and unsubscribe yourself now. It'll save me doing it myself,
as I like to use my time more constructively. You can do what you
like with your time, but I object to you wasting mine. I also
detest people preaching to me how I should think and feel. So save
me from the nonsense. When people do that, my language tends to
switch from polite simple sentences to blunt expletives, in
reflection of how repugnant I find being preached to by some
self-appointed guardian of morality quoting from a thousand year
old book. Save it for someone who gives a damn. I don't, I never
have and I never will.

The religious and mystical types I have spoken to simply do not
have a clue.

All they have done is to learn various passages from whatever
bible/book/paper they have chosen to believe represents a truth
they feel suits them best, and they pitch it as knowledge. All the
one's I've tackled on the matter, mainly out of curiosity more than
anything just to find out what makes them tick, as it were, have
virtually no practical experience. It has all been "book" learnt.
To me, that does not qualify. As I have said many times in the
past, I have hardly read anything on this topic. The 3 Monroe
books, Astral Dynamics and perhaps 2 or 3 others, none of which
stick in mind. Apart from one of the Seth books, Seth Speaks, I
think it was. I particularly liked that one as Seth also presents a
fairly clear model of consciousness that incorporates 4 areas that
he calls Frameworks of Consciousness.

I am indebted to Monroe for giving me the clues that I needed to
follow in his footsteps. This saved me a *lot* of time and
propelled me to making even more discoveries about the wider
reality that perhaps I would not have made otherwise. Or certainly
not in the timescale that I did, put it that way. Monroe's linear
focus model served me well for a number of years. But it was my
frustration in my attempts to go "beyond" Focus 27 of the Monroe
model that led to my developing a Phasing Model of consciousness
that I will be presenting to you in my book, Astral Projection
Truth.

How did it all begin?

People often ask this and I've given the answer a number of times
on the forum. I came across a copy of Monroe's Journeys OotB about
22 years ago. I happened to look in the window of this new "New
Age" bookshop that had opened in Chiswick west London where I lived
at the time. The book was there in the window. I don't know what
made me buy it. I still actually have the book. It was lost for a
time but a long-standing friend of mine had stored a number of
boxes of stuff for me that I'd forgotten about, just personal nick
knacks and whatnot, and it was actually amongst them. So me and the
book were reunited about 6 months ago. Anyhow, after buying it, I
read the book a couple of times and it got me thinking. I figured
Monroe was either insane, or he had come across something
important. So I gave his technique a try and, much to my surprise,
I began getting some definite effects. The rest, as they say, is
history. 

With my new book, I have decided to release only Part one of the
first book in the Astral Projection Truth series.

Part one concentrates upon and details all the practical beginning
aspects that I am about to touch on in this newsletter. I want to
make this as thorough as possible before releasing Part 2. At the
moment the book is in two parts, there may be a third but I might
keep that for the second book, so that'll be part 1 of book two.
Part 1 instructs you on how you can focus within the wider reality,
and Part 2 instructs you on what to do once you can focus there.

What I want from people is lots of feedback on how they are
interacting with the approach. Then I can incorporate this in
up-issues of the book. You see, one of the great things about it
being an eBook is I can up-issue it. I have no idea how my approach
is going to interact with people in all ways. I can suggest
possible pitfalls, likely wrong turnings, etc., that I know from my
own experience. But that's just me. I can gauge the likelihood of
certain difficulties arising using my judgement gained from my
interaction with people on the Astral Pulse forum. But who knows
what difficulties may arise once more and more people start really
getting into the practical, nitty-gritty of my approach? This is a
big unknown question.

So what I want to happen is people will write to me saying about
some difficulty or other they are having. Now, I personally may
never have had this difficulty. So that's why the answer to that
difficulty is not in the book. But using my experience I will no
doubt be able to provide that person with a likely solution. The
person will work on that solution and, whatever works to solve that
particular difficulty, I will then write it up in the book. Then,
on a special member's page on the website, you will be able to
logon and download the latest issue. What we do is keep working at
this, I keep building it and getting feedback from everyone and
writing the answers to any unforeseen situations in the book.
Eventually, we will build a complete compendium of Phasing
knowledge that has been formed from the input from a very wide
variety of people.

The end goal is to reach the stage where (hopefully) no matter who
reads it or what difficulties they have, the answers will be there
for them. Of course, you will be able to download up-issues of the
book for free. I don't want anyone thinking I'm going to be
charging you every time. You pay one fee for the book and any
subsequent up-issues are all included in the original price, make
no mistake.

Obviously, I do not know everything about what takes place.

The structure of the wider reality, while in a sense is logically
ordered and fairly easy for the ordinary person to understand
(after all, if I can understand it then most other ordinary people
should be able to) there are some aspects about it that are flaming
unbelievably vast and just totally beyond comprehension or
explanation (well, at the moment that is). I could write a book on
some of the more explainable aspects, for example, and no one would
believe me. They'd just dismiss it as whacky nonsense, the
worthless ramblings of a raving lunatic. And I wouldn't blame them
one bit, as I'd think the same way if I hadn't actually experienced
what I have. So that's why I'm keeping it all 100% practical and,
in a few years time when more people are projecting at will, I'll
come out with some of the more "freaky" things you can do. I say
freaky, but place it in double quotes as I don't mean freaky in a
sense of being grotesque. I mean freaky in a sense of being whacky,
wild and fun.   
   
So we are going to begin right at the beginning.

How do we start?

One of the most popular question is, "Frank, I just read about
Phasing and I was wondering how to begin? It sounds easier than the
other ways of projecting and I've had no results with what I'm
trying at the moment. Do you think Phasing will work for me? And if
so how long will it take for it to work?"

In my experience, people get no results because they misunderstand
what it is they are attempting to do. They give their mind mixed
messages, with the result they keep trying and trying and get ever
more confused. The problem is so very few people actually
understand the process. Again, for some weird reason, the whole
issue of the wider reality has been cornered by mystics. By their
very nature, mystics wouldn't be mystics if they didn't turn the
whole thing into one huge mass that consists of layer upon layer of
ridiculously ornate writings, in a vernacular that no one could
ever hope to understand, together with whatever else they can dream
up to obfuscate the rather simple and straightforward facts of the
matter. But I reckon that many of these so-called knowledgeable
mystics don't actually know the simple and straightforward facts.
They are just capitalising on the fact that no one else does
either! So if you "look the part" and can "speak the lingo"
everyone just assumes you can do it. But I am hoping the
stranglehold these people have can soon be broken, as more and more
people come to realise the simple facts of the matter through their
own experiences.

One of the primary mistakes people make is they fail to grasp that
whatever it is they are attempting, whether it is a conventional
real-time-zone projection in an "out of body" sense, or a
modern-day Phasing to Focus 3 of consciousness, whatever it is you
want to do... you are going WITHIN you... not outside of you.

There is no such thing as "out" of body. Not in reality. Because
you are never actually "in" your body in the first place. None of
us are. Yes, I realise that is what people say because that is how
it looks. But that's the same as watching the changing angle of the
sun and concluding the sun is orbiting around us. When in fact, as
science subsequently discovered, it is the other way around.

The physical captures our mental focus to a very high degree. It is
what is called our Primary Focus. Because it is our Primary Focus,
we tend to think of the physical as the main reality against which
the realness of any other kind of reality is judged. Unfortunately,
in doing this, we forget that the Physical, or Focus 1 of the
Phasing Model of consciousness, is in fact just another focus of
mental attention that is no more, or no less valid, no more or no
less real, than any other focus of attention.

But the key thing I want to get across to you here is you are going
WITHIN you.

Many times I have had people come to me saying, "Frank, I lie there
and I have this technique of projecting my attention to being some
place in my room [or at some other physical place] and I keep
imagining being at that place but nothing happens, why?"

What people fail to realise is no matter what you wish to attempt
it is WITHIN you not outside of you. This is the main point of this
issue of the newsletter. I want you to dwell on this point a number
of times so it sticks in mind. Because it is very important. I've
told people this before and the penny has dropped, so to speak, and
they have switched from having no results at all for months and
months on end, to having results in literally days. I actually know
someone who was trying for years on and off with no success
whatsoever. I gave him a few pointers, and he tried them and got
some concrete results on about the third attempt. Naturally he was
over the moon. But it was all to do with this one fact that you
look within you, not outside of you.

Thing is, there is nothing that exists outside of ourselves. I
know, I know, it does look like that doesn't it. Someone made a
point against me the other week, saying about Focus 3, "How can it
possibly be subjective reality when you can view it objectively?"
Unfortunately, this is again the equivalent of watching the sun and
concluding the sun revolves around the earth. It's obvious the sun
revolves around the earth, I can see it does therefore it must.
Well, science makes its living cutting great swathes through stuff
like that.

That's why I can never understand the people who talk of the days
when science and religion will one day "come together". Science and
religion are as immiscible as water and oil and they will never
come together. Science has cut great swathes through many, many
religious and other mystical notions, and will continue to do so.
The BIG breakthrough will come when science invents a handy
lightweight device that people can apply to themselves, set it
running, and they'll be able to project at will. That will be the
final nail in the mystic's coffin. I reckon that such a device is
only about 15 or 20 years away. I hope I am completely wrong and it
arrives next year. But the chances are it'll take a while yet. The
discovery will come about through research on something else.
Probably computer games. I heard the other week that one of the big
electronics companies (Sony?) is working on an experimental headset
that can directly affect the senses using, I think they were
saying, various ultrasonic frequencies in order to give added
realism to computer games. That is the typical thing I mean.

Someone will accidentally realise that if you "retune" a device
like that in a particular way, it will induce a Phase Shift in
consciousness. Then the whole thing will take off from there.
Before you know it there will be different types, the price will
fall, and people will be writing on websites regarding their
experiences. Eventually everyone will be doing it. Religions will
be calling for them to be "banned" as per usual, claiming they are
the work of the "devil" (all the usual blurb in other words). But
everyone will ignore all that religious stuff and get on with
discovering the wider reality for themselves.

Using the modern-day developments of the model of consciousness
that I present in Astral Projection Truth as a basic map, they'll
be discovering Focus 3 of consciousness, meeting, and chatting to
their former loved ones who have "died" just as if they were still
alive (which they are, all they have done is to shift their Primary
Focus).

Anyhow, the whole notion of "objectivity" is, in fact, a
translation of the underlying subjective energy expression. I stop
short of saying that objective reality is an illusion, because it
is very real. Anyone who thinks objective reality is an illusion
should teach themselves better by walking into the nearest
lamppost. But objective reality does not exist as an independent
entity. It is a translation of the underlying subjective energy.
Without that underlying subjective energy, objective reality would
just black out. It would be the equivalent of pulling the plug on a
piece of electrical equipment. Everything physical would just
disintegrate into individual atoms and then individual atoms
themselves would disintegrate into progressively smaller particles
(including us).

Basically, you have to begin to see the physical world, or any
other kind of objective reality for that matter, as an objective
translation of the underlying subjective action. But that's a topic
we'll save for another time as it get's very complicated and it
involves Focus 4 of consciousness, and anything involving Focus 4
of consciousness is totally mind blowing. For now, we are going to
concentrate on making what I call "the switch" from Focus 1 to
Focus 2 of consciousness. That is what I'll be talking more about
in later newsletters. Right now we are beginning at the very
beginning and I want to concentrate on that some more, before I
sign off.

To begin, you need to try and choose times when your physical body
is fairly relaxed. But not so relaxed that you fall asleep.

I find it far more productive if I practice after about 6 hours of
sleep. My physical body is quite happy to just lay back and relax,
but my mind is fairly awake and alert. Next best I have found is to
go to bed about an hour earlier than normal. If you find that you
can relax but keep falling asleep then make your physical body just
a teeny bit less comfortable. Perhaps sit up a bit, or try sitting
in a chair. With me, I like lying in bed in the mornings after
about 6 hours of sleep. This is my most productive time and can
make the switch from Focus 1 to Focus 2 of consciousness in about
10 or 15 minutes normally. Sometimes it can take longer and
sometimes shorter, but it's usually about 10 or 15 minutes.

One of the most difficult beginning parts tends to be relaxing the
eyes. Many people close their eyes and try looking within
themselves and all the time they can feel their eyes making these
tiny movements, almost as if the eyes are trying to follow whatever
it is you are attempting to look at within your mind. Even now I
get this problem where I will see something in my mind, with my
minds eye, so to speak, but as the internal vision comes about my
physical eyes will try and snatch a glance at whatever it was that
came about. This used to happen to me constantly. It was incredibly
frustrating! Because the instant my eyes would go to look, it would
zap me right out of the state I had worked so hard to achieve. 

There are many different ways or techniques of relaxing the
physical body. The best way is invariably the way that works for
you. Many people ask me, "Yeah, but what do you do Frank?" I don't,
in the sense I simply don't think about relaxing the physical body
at all. I simply choose times when my physical body is already
relaxed and concentrate 100% on focusing within myself. Some people
concentrate on deepening their breathing, others go around tensing
and releasing various body parts, or do whatever. I do none of it.
I simply concentrate 100% on focusing my full attention WITHIN
myself. Whatever my physical body gets up to, I'm simply not
interested. It's like I totally forget I have a physical body. What
you see mystics getting up to is surreal. It's laughable. They have
all kinds of positions and whatnot. Like the hands have to be in a
particular position, the arms, and the legs have to be... and all
kinds of junk. It's all a load of bunkum. Just layer upon layer of
mystical tosh that has been built up over the years now
masquerading as "truth".

Again, the key to this whole thing is to concentrate 100% on
focusing WITHIN yourself. Once you can get the knack of doing that,
and it doesn't take long once you release yourself from all the
mystical nonsense that's latched onto it over the years, then I can
teach you what to do next. The way you start looking within
yourself is by using the little Noticing exercise I talk about in
my FAQ post to the Astral Pulse forum. Understand that even if you
wish to project into the real-time-zone in a conventional "out of
body" sense you STILL are going within yourself.

I've had people say to me, "I'd like to try your Phasing, Frank,
because it looks a neat technique. But I want to go out of body and
your Phasing is all about going in your body somehow, not out of
it."

People who say the above totally misunderstand the nature of the
way consciousness is set out. Regardless of what you want to do,
the first step is to look within yourself. I can show you how to
convert a dream into a real-time-zone projection if you like. Or a
real-time-zone projection back into a dream. Or switch from Focus 2
to Focus 3 and back again. Or the best one is to project to all 3
areas at the same time. Now that gets really confusing! What I'm
trying to get across to you, is it's all one continuum of
consciousness that is inextricably intertwined and connected. These
areas are not places that you travel to. It is all YOU, but the
wider you. And what you do is shift your focus of attention to a
different point in your consciousness continuum.

NOTE: Let's put aside Focus 4 of consciousness for the time being
as that's tricky to get to grips with and one of the most
misunderstood areas.

In the Phasing Model of consciousness, the area known as the
real-time zone is contained within Focus 1 of consciousness. I
dislike using the term real-time zone as there is no such thing as
"real" time and it is not a "zone". To me it's simply a projection
into the physical. It's just that the physical is much wider than
our physical senses would have us believe. At this point, you are
right on the "edge" of the physical, so to speak. In a sense (and
strictly only in a sense) you could say you were on the border
between Focus 1 and Focus 2 of consciousness.

What most mystics totally fail to realise is each of us ALREADY
occupies all of consciousness. There is no separate place that is
called the astral. It's our own entire mind. We exist as one
continuum of consciousness from Focus 4 through to Focus 1. Now, we
can choose to focus our attention at any point along our continuum
of consciousness and offer ourselves an objective knowing of what
is taking place there. The obstacles in thinking people typically
have are, as follows:

1)People believe the mind is somehow contained within the physical
brain.
2)People objectify everything and,
3)People don't realise the sheer extent to which their own mind
extends.

People will wander around "the astral" and not actually realise
they are wandering around their own mind! Plus, consciousness is
not merely a product of the physical brain. The brain is merely an
interface between the subjective and the objective in terms of
energy transformation within consciousness. And people fail to
realise that what they see as an objective scenario, is merely an
objective translation of the underlying subjective event.

Ultimately, people get body-fixated and, in doing so, they fail to
realise how "far" they extend. But a body is merely an objective
representation of the accumulation of a particular set of
expectations regarding the enactment of certain types of actions
within particular areas of consciousness. It holds no other
purpose. This is why I keep saying that these areas in
consciousness are not places! They are FOCUSES OF ATTENTION. You
simply focus your attention at a different point in your continuum
of consciousness. You haven't actually travelled anywhere. But
again, because no one really knows, mystics can teach people any
old blurb and get away with it.

There is another important point I want to get across to you but
I'll save this for next time as I'm going to close now. But I want
you to start holding in mind that shifting your perception in
consciousness and changing your actual area of consciousness are
two different actions. Once you get to grips with the realisation
of this a *lot* of the confusion of knowing where you are and what
is happening when you are in the midst of a projection experience
will fall away. You will be able to project and have complete
control over the experience. You'll know exactly where you are and
what to do, and be able to "navigate" to wherever you want to go to
with ease (after a little practice of course).

So remember, whatever you want to do and wherever you want to go
within the wider reality... it all starts by looking WITHIN you. That
each of us exists not as a body but as one continuum of
consciousness that extends from Focus 4 through to Focus 1 of
consciousness. Projection entails shifting our focus of attention
from the physical to some other point along our continuum of
consciousness to offer ourselves an objective knowing of what is
taking place there. We are not travelling to some separate place;
we are merely focusing our attention at some other point along our
own wider self.

If you want to offer feedback on any of the issues raised in this
newsletter, or if there are any other points that you wish to raise
then please email: frank@astralprojectiontruth.com I welcome your
thoughts, questions, etc., unless you are some rampaging mystic who
is mad about having your precious beliefs debunked then save it for
someone who cares. People have been deceived about the wider
reality for far too long and it's time they were told the truth for
a change.

I will do my utmost to incorporate all ideas and answers to
questions in future editions of the newsletter. After all, this
newsletter is for your benefit so I want to make it as beneficial
to you as possible. And if you do write to me, please do not be
offended at the lack of a personal thank you. My mailbox is getting
fuller and fuller each day and I'm now at the stage where I'm
unable to personally respond to everyone. Which to me sounds a
little rude but there are only a certain number of hours in a day.

I've set up an auto-responder on the mailbox so at least you will
know that your email has been received. If I've received it then
you know I will read it and make careful note of what you have said.

So to anyone who does respond I'll say a big THANK YOU now for that.

======================================
COMING SOON:
Private Tuition via Virtual Classroom!
======================================

I hope to have the details ready by the next newsletter, but
another popular question people have asked is regarding any
seminars I may be holding in the USA or the UK. The answer is I
have no definite plans at present. I live a very quiet and frugal
non-materialistic lifestyle, and the idea of becoming some
globe-trotting "guru" raking it in on the New-Age seminar circuit
really does not appeal. My goal is simply to teach people about the
wider reality and to do that in the most efficient ways open to me.

Teaching is what I enjoy the most and I would consider taking on a
strictly limited number of private students. Much time can be saved
by having an expert "on tap" to answer your specific questions in
depth. So you could say it's like a seminar, but I call it my
Virtual Classroom and it will offer far better value than a
seminar. You can have all the benefits of one-on-one expert tuition
but without having to travel anywhere and being forced to take it
all in on a weekend. You can work largely at your own pace, but
knowing that you have an expert on tap to answer your questions,
directly and efficiently without any mystical bull. I'm gearing it
mainly for beginners as that's the stage most people are at with
this. You will get my personal attention and my private class will
get top priority as regards my time.

This is for a strictly limited number of students only and it won't
be free. I think no more than 15 people in the class at any one
time. You will have the option of joining for a month to 3 months
in blocks of 1 month. I haven't fixed any fees yet, but it will
turn this into something of a full-time job for me. So, overall, as
frugally as I normally live, it would have to pay it's way. I was
thinking of something in the region of 15 euro a week per person.
If I had more people then the price could be less but then I'd
start losing the ability to give the kind of attention I want to
give. My joy in this is to teach people who are serious about
learning, but doing that takes quite a bit of time, which I need to
cover for.

If you feel this may be something you are interested in, then
please email frank@astralprojectiontruth.com and ask me to put your
name on the list of possible students for my Virtual Classroom. If
you could also give a brief rundown of your experience that would
be great. Nothing complex, just a brief rundown so I know basically
where you are in the general scheme of things.

Virtual Classroom places will be filled strictly on a first come
first served basis, and my insistence that it is strictly limited
is not one of those tacky marketing tricks. Teaching people who
want to learn is what I enjoy, and I want to keep it very personal
and one-on-one to as high a degree as possible.

   

======================================

Author's Blog: Frank J. Kepple is a highly down-to-earth, no
nonsense explorer of non-physical realms. He actively separates
himself from what he calls the "mumbo jumbo" associated with
traditional mysticism. Using the analytical skills of a scientist,
he unravels the age-old mysteries of the wider reality in his goal
to teach his skills to others that he developed from his 22 years
of hands-on experience.

Frank is a regular visitor at astralpulse.com/forums

=====================================

Copyright Frank J. Kepple 2005. All rights reserved.


Best wishes,


FRANK J. KEPPLE
