=============================
Astral Projection Truth Newsletter
Issue 2: 15/June/2005
This newsletter is copyright Frank J. Kepple
and must not be reproduced without written
permission from the author.
=============================


Okay, so off we trot with the second newsletter. I was originally
going to publish it at the end of the first and third week in every
month, but for some reason I now think that sounds a bit odd. So
from now on I will send the newsletter around the middle and end of
each month as that sounds a bit more logical.

Before I get into the guts of it, firstly I want to say a big THANK
YOU to Adrian for getting the Astral Pulse forum back on track
after our recent virtual shutdown. If it were not for him then us
gals and guys would never have met, so cheers Adrian for all your
input in keeping everything running for us all.

There have been a few relevant posts on the Phasing Approach the
past couple of weeks and I present a little digest of those below.

As regards the Virtual Classroom:

I have received a good number of enquiries and thank you to all who
have expressed an interest. I am hoping to get this program
actually started over the coming week to ten days. I'm going to
give you a little explanation now about how things are progressing
with that. So if you are not interested then scroll down past the
next few paragraphs.

I don't want to disappoint anyone but I do stress that my saying it
is strictly limited in terms of numbers is not some tacky marketing
trick. I originally thought 15 people and I've received well over
that in numbers of enquiries. I could perhaps stretch it to 20
absolute maximum, but cannot see myself being able to expand on
that. I thought I'd perhaps create a list of people wanting to get
on board, so if someone leaves then that would hold an opportunity
open for someone else.

A few people have enquired if it would be possible to join for 3
months to get them over some hurdle or other, then take a break for
a while and come back again. Yes, that will be possible. I have no
objection to that and doing so would leave an opportunity open for
someone else to join in the person's absence. But what I cannot do
is 100% guarantee that a place will be available right away the
moment you wish to rejoin. There may be a little waiting list.

I have thought about it all for a couple of weeks and, whatever
happens, I will simply have to take all applications strictly on a
first-come, first-served basis. I see no other fairer way.

Once I have the basic formalities organised in about a week to ten
days I will write to everyone at exactly the same time and it will
be open to the first 20 people who respond, following which I will
place your application on a waiting list strictly in the order they
are received. In the event you are placed on the waiting list then,
of course, any monies you may have paid will be immediately
returned to you in full.

Speaking about payment, I have been looking into methods of payment
for the Virtual Classroom subscriptions, which will need to be via
the usual credit or debit cards, of course. I have looked into
various services but all are extremely expensive in terms of the
commissions they charge for this kind of "online" business as they
see it. It would appear that if you live in the USA then getting
online Merchant Accounts is much easier. I was accepted by one
company in France where I live but they wanted a hefty 10%
commission plus 1.5 euro per transaction! This is just daft in my
view. With 20 people in the class each paying 16 Euro a week for
their teaching I would be paying around 140 euro a month in
transaction fees alone! This may not sound a lot of money to
perhaps many people, but as I said in the last newsletter, I live a
very frugal life and 140 Euro keeps me in pasta for about 8 months!

Anyhow, after doing a bit of digging I discovered that PayPal's
fees are quite reasonable for this kind of thing, so they are the
payment service I will be using. To be able to accept credit and
debit cards directly I need to open a business Merchant Account
with PayPal and for that I will need to open a basic business bank
account together with a Visa card so I can eventually "verify" the
new PayPal account and get it all up and running properly. All this
form-filling, financial stuff, registering new businesses, and all
that jazz is a bit over my head. So after going around in circles
the past couple of weeks, I have decided to place the whole thing
in the very capable hands of a total financial wizard and great
friend of mine, Jim Ashley, who shall be dealing with all the
financial side of things on my behalf. I don't want to start
getting embroiled in accounting and things like that. I want to
concentrate 100% of my time advising people on what I feel is the
best way forward in terms of their development. So Jim will be
dealing with the PayPal, financial and accounts side of things from
the UK.

This has taken a little while to organise but everything will be
ready in about a week to ten days. Like I say, I live a very frugal
life and I'm not really part of the capitalist machine, as it were.
I don't have lines of credit and a wallet full of credit cards,
loans and all that jazz. But Jim will soon have it all sorted and
we'll be up and running in no time. Problem is, living in France as
I do, the business bureaucracy in France is horrendous. I speak
French good enough to make myself understood from day to day, but
nowhere near good enough to understand the intricacies of French
business legalities and procedures. Being English I have the right
to set up the new business in England where everything is much more
understandable, as it is a liberal market economy like the USA.
Regulations tend to be fairly straightforward, so that's why I have
decided to fiscally locate the financial side of things in the UK.

So to anyone who is thinking of joining the Virtual Classroom, I
shall be writing to you in the next week to ten days offering you a
chance to join.

Right, so now those formalities are out of the way let's get on
with the next topic, which is a follow on from last month:

Remember I was talking to you saying that anything you wish to do,
whether it was projection in a conventional sense or in a more
modern-day Phasing sense that it was all within you and not
"outside" of you. If you have just subscribed and you did not
download the first newsletter then please do so now at:
http://www.astralprojectiontruth.com/nbi.htm

I made this point of always looking within you on the AP Forum and
here is what one member "mactombs" replied with, which is typical
of the many responses I have received:

"This sounds like what Monroe talks about in his first book with
his method, but less confusing, and more simplified. I also never
thought about it as looking (with your mind) at a point inside your
mind rather than outside. Thinking of things outside your body
makes things much harder, IMO. Richard Feynman (famous physicist)
talks about moving his awareness away from the spot behind his eyes
in one of his books, too."

I have never heard of Richard Feynman but I am finding that the
more people tell me about the more modern-day approaches, the more
I am finding I have in common with these non-mystical researchers.
You see, to the mystics, anything non-physical is all Astral. They
seem to have no actual idea that consciousness is apportioned in
terms of the tasks it was set to perform, in the sense of the
actions in consciousness that typically take place within it. To
mystics, all is Astral and all is weird and wonderful, an Alice in
Wonderland type of place full of "higher beings" on the one hand,
gods and angels galore. And at the other end of the scale are the
realms of the demons, the devils and all that jazz. In my view,
this is all rather silly and I am quite amazed that many people
actually believe all this tosh. I think it is long overdue that
science began taking this topic seriously and started cutting a
swathe through all the mystical nonsense that has haunted this
topic for thousands of years.

Mystics make the BIG mistake of thinking this Astral, as they call
it, is an entirely separate place that you "travel" to. They don't
actually see it as an extension of your own mind. They see it like
it were another world. Unfortunately for their fanciful ideas,
people are now beginning to study all this with an air of
objectivity, and are steadily beginning to realise that this Astral
is not a separate place at all. It is actually an extension of each
individual's mind. The culmination of which forms what I call the
Wider Reality. I myself used to use the term Astral, but when I
really started making inroads into the Wider Reality, much of the
"Astral stuff" just didn't add up. Nowadays, knowing what I now
know, I reckon many of these mystics just make it up as they go
along. After all, hardly anyone knows the truth of the matter. So
all they need do is reel-off some Zen-style gobbledegook and people
reckon that's what will solve their projection problems for them.

That is why again my goal now is to teach people how to access this
reality for themselves, so they too can see the facts first hand
and bring some real benefits into their lives as a result. Rather
than just laying out time and money, going from technique to
technique and never really getting anywhere.

The Wider Reality is apportioned into 4 Primary Areas that I label
Focus 1 to Focus 4 inclusive. You can call them what you like. The
actual label you place is irrelevant. For ease of understanding,
however, we need to call them something simple and logical. Now,
when I say that the Wider Reality is apportioned into 4 Primary
Areas, this is not some weird and wonderful theory that I have come
up with. I am saying it because that IS how it is! But I cannot
objectively prove that fact. There is no experiment I can perform
that says if the liquid in beaker "A" turns green when mixed with
the powder in beaker "B" then I am correct, but if it turns blue
then I am wrong. What I can do, however, is teach people about the
wider reality properly, not in this weird and wonderful whacky way
purported by the mystics as truth, but teach people in a real and
down-to-earth sense. Then my hope is that people will begin viewing
this reality, interacting with it and, as a result, start
understanding it for themselves (as they are gradually beginning to
do).

You see, mystics and gurus do not want the Wider Reality
demystified. No one would send them money for a start! Gurus get
fat off people sending them money. So it's good business to keep
people confused, and to try to keep the subject complex and
mystified. Then gurus can revel in their sense of self-importance,
having all these people looking up to them thinking they are some
kind of "master".

Many of these gurus live jet-set lifestyles, touring the New-Age
seminar circuit. Some charge well over a thousand US dollars per
person for a weekly course. These people, in my opinion, are
nothing more than one-eyes in the land of the blind. But if people
were not so confused then they would not keep going back to Mr
One-Eye for guidance. But if they didn't get such bum guidance in
the first place they wouldn't be so confused. They would be able to
experience the wider truth for themselves, rather than relying on
some kind of "middleman" to facilitate things for them (as if they
could in any event, but people don't actually realise that). Fact
is, these days, New Age is BIG BUSINESS and it helps to keep people
in the dark as much as possible so the dollars keep flowing into
the pockets of the publishers, the organisers, the gurus and the
mystics. It is big business, make no mistake, and ordinary people
are the ones that are being ripped off with bum information.

If people actually knew just how simple and straightforward the
wider reality is set out, there would be no need for all these
zillions of books that just waffle on about nothing in particular,
parroting the same old nonsense that everyone else does. We've
mostly left the flat-earth beliefs behind. Science has cut a great
swathe through many of the dumb Dark-Age superstitions than many
people used to hold dear. But with this topic, ever so many people
are still wallowing in the Dark Ages. Believing in "possessions"
and "psychic attacks" and such like. We've still got books being
published advising people to wear garlic to ward off "evil
spirits"... guys... perlease... this is the TWENTY FIRST CENTURY!!!

Right, so consciousness is apportioned into 4 areas. Someone asked
me recently if there was anything beyond Focus 4, i.e. a Focus 5 or
such like. The answer is, to my knowledge, within our particular
system there are just 4 Primary areas. But consciousness doesn't
end there. Consciousness is infinite. There may well be an infinite
number of other systems either like ours or perhaps wildly
different. But let's just concentrate on the structure of our
particular system and get people projecting properly with that
first.

I'll be talking more about these areas in consciousness in
newsletters to come. In this edition I want to try and lay down
some basics so you can begin picturing the core structure in your
mind.

Okay, so here's one of the most important aspects you MUST
understand:

When I say there are 4 Primary Areas in our Wider Reality, I want
you to fully realise beyond any doubt that these areas are NOT
places! They are FOCUSES OF ATTENTION along your very own
consciousness continuum.

Monroe was a pioneer in this and he was the very first person, to
my knowledge, who realised that these areas were actually focuses
of attention and not places. Hence the term "focus" in the focus
numbers that Monroe talks about such as Focus 10, Focus 21, etc.
Why "focus"? You might ask. Well, that is the reason.

Now, our Wider Reality is apportioned into 4 Primary Areas and each
person has what is called their Primary Focus. Anyone reading this
within the physical (Focus 1) has their Primary Focus set to the
physical. When we project, our Primary Focus does not change. We
may shift our focus of attention, but our Primary Focus remains
Focus 1. Think of your Primary Focus as your "home focus" if you
like. Say you visit a friend at another address. For the duration
of your visit, the address of your friend's location has become the
address of your location also. But that's only for the duration of
your visit. Your home address remains the same. It's just that
you've changed address temporarily. And that's what we do when we
project. Our Primary Focus remains the same, but we temporarily
shift our focus of attention to another area of our consciousness
continuum.

Throughout the time we are alive and kicking within the physical,
our Primary Focus is Focus 1. Now, when a person dies, what we
objectively view as "death" is an objective representation or
translation of the person switching their Primary Focus from Focus
1 to Focus 3 of consciousness. You see, when you switch your
Primary Focus, all subjective interaction with your physical body
is stopped. In other words, the physical shell stops functioning as
you shed it and go to live within Focus 3. This area is known as
the Transition Area for various reasons that I shall go into in a
later newsletter. Here I am presenting to you the basic structure,
so you can try to get to grips with it.

Now, I just want to say again, that all this is not some weird and
whacky theory I happened to dream up one day. What I am saying to
you is how it is. Everything I am putting across to you I have
experienced first hand. With a little effort and a little practice
on your part, you can experience it too. There is no mysticism
here, ignore those that claim you have to reach a particular
"level" of "incarnation" before you can access the "higher" areas.
These people simply do not know what they are talking about. We
actually occupy ALL of consciousness ALREADY. Every one of us has
the EXACT SAME subjective structure! Thing is, when you actually
view all this for yourself, when you see the glorious simplicity of
it all, when you know how it is, in truth, you will laugh your
socks off at these mystics and their hordes of followers who claim
they are in some way more "spiritually advanced". What these people
fail to realise is we ALL have the very same subjective structure!
There is no such thing as any one person being more advanced than
any other. In fact, the people who have the hardest or most
difficult time in Transition, tend to be the highly religious and
deeply spiritual types. They just get bogged down in their own
belief constructs and end up trudging through the Astral Mud, as I
call it.

One of the great benefits of knowing how the Wider Reality is
organised is when you die, you know exactly where you are and
exactly what to do. Rather than end up floundering in the dark not
knowing anything. But there are many other benefits you can gain
from this too while you are alive.   

So there are 4 Primary Areas and your current Primary Focus is
Focus 1.

I want you to also think of these Primary Areas as being
intertwined with each other. They are not strung out in a big long
line. They are all continually intertwined and connected. Remember
they are NOT places. For example, in the physical you may be in one
town, then you travel down the road to the next town. These areas
are NOT like that. They are all intermeshed and intertwined with
one another. Because of this, it is perfectly possible to
objectively experience 2 or more Primary Areas at once simply by
tuning your focus of attention. You do NOT have to "travel"
anywhere. Within the physical, we have  Time, Space and Distance to
contend with. But once you "step outside" the physical there is no
Time, so there is no Space or Distance either. But that's not to
say you do not perceive the idea of Space and Distance coupled with
a semblance of Time passing. But these notions are mere legacies
from having lived within the physical world and have no bearing in
fact.

Many people ask me how I travel from one area to the next. I don't,
because there is no Space to travel through. I used to have
difficulty in navigating the Wider Reality. Then, one day, the
penny dropped. The difficulties I was having were not because
navigation is difficult. My difficulties were coming about through
my failing to realise just how easy it was. I was trying to travel
from point a to point b as in the physical. In other words I was
trying to travel through Space over a Distance and there is no such
thing. Everything within the Wider Reality is contained within the
same point. So if you are at one place, you are at all places at
the same time. Because there is no Space. That is why I say we each
occupy all of consciousness already. The only difference is in your
objective perception of your surroundings in terms of where, along
your consciousness continuum, you are focusing your attention. And
that comes right back to what I was saying on the outset: these
areas are NOT places, they are focuses of attention.

Are you beginning to see now why these areas are NOT places?

So we all know Focus 1 of consciousness. It is the physical. Focus
1 incorporates what I call the Wider Physical. This would include
the region mystics call the real-time-zone or RTZ. Personally, I
dislike using the term real-time-zone as there is no such thing as
"real" time and it is not a "zone". But, then again, I look at this
with a scientific air and, in science, you have to be congruent as
to the terms you use and get your definitions in order. Whereas
mystics just make up any old sound-good blurb that will keep the
money rolling in.

To be honest, I can't see the point of projecting into the RTZ (or
the Wider Physical). Apart from the novelty value, there isn't much
you can do and it would appear a LOT of effort for very little
return. Because of that we will start with Focus 2 of consciousness.

Focus 2 of consciousness is what is commonly known by
psychologists, as your "sub conscious" but there is nothing "sub"
about it. Focus 2 is where most people do their dreaming, lucid
dreaming, their "astral projecting", their meeting up with all
manner of demons and devils, etc. Focus 2 of consciousness contains
all manner of personal faculties such as your memory and your
imagination. Without Focus 2 of consciousness we simply wouldn't be
able to think rationally or create anything within the physical. It
holds all our belief constructs that we happen to subscribe to. And
it is this latter point that is rather interesting. You can
actually project within Focus 2 of consciousness and objectively
view representations of your very own belief constructs that you
hold. However, taking on board the fact that people typically think
that this area of consciousness (to them the Astral) is a separate
place, the Astral will actually become whatever you believe it is!
This simple fact, unbelievably, has been the source of thousands of
years of confusion as regards the wider reality.

The problem has been simply that mystics have always thought they
were projecting to some place outside of themselves. Yet what you
are actually viewing, within Focus 2 of consciousness, are the
objective representations of your very own belief constructs. So if
you actually believe the Astral is packed full of demons and
devils... then demons and devils you shall perceive. Because what you
are actually viewing are the objective representations of your own
beliefs. People have the idea that "the Astral" is a weird and
magical place where you get all manner of Alice in Wonderland
effects such as your thoughts coming to life. Mystics just accept
this as a given and lead people into thinking they could possibly
meet up with all manner of doom, gloom and danger.

But do these people ever stop to think, even for a moment WHY their
thoughts come to life? WHY there is such a thing as an Alice in
Wonderland effect?

It is only when you look at the situation from the point of view of
a scientist trying to objectively make sense of it all that you
realise the simple reason of why this effect comes about. For
almost 5 years I battled with this question. I fought all manner of
demons and devils and slayed dragons galore. Then, one day, the
penny dropped. I realised that thought equals action. That was it!
I was in a place where thought equals action. I remember the time
distinctly even to this day around 18 years later. But it was only
much later when I realised precisely WHY thoughts equalled action
in this weird and wonderful kind of place called the Astral... WHY
did thought equal action? Simple! It was because I was projecting
into my own mind. In other words, I was offering myself the
objective knowing of my very own internal subjective actions!

This simple realisation led me on an amazing voyage of discovery
through my very own mind. It was truly fascinating as I learnt to
know myself from the inside out, so to speak. Wow, if I had a
problem, I could now step right into myself and find a likely
solution. Plus, it was from this realisation that I got to know
about the way the subjective and the objective translates both in
terms of awareness and in terms of energy. This latter discovery
has since helped me to make some very profound realisations about
the Wider Reality.

Okay, that's it for this fortnight. I hope I've given you a few
things to think about. Problem is it's no use trying to get on with
any of the more "advanced" concepts until we've got the very basics
done and dusted. There now follows a little digest of some of the
more relevant Phasing posts together with my replies.

=========================
QUESTION:

My latest experience today with Phasing seemed to be snippets of
focus 2. I seemed to have had lucid dreaming moments first person
but they very short and quick then I would be back to focusing
behind my eyes but still deeply relaxed.

My question is about imagination use. I have read that you should
not create in your imagination. Is it really a bad thing if it
keeps you focused so to speak? I noticed if I have created my world
and I just hang out I begin to lose attention into it. This is when
I may create a garden and start watering it or water flowers so
that I can engage senses or I walk along and further create the
world just so I am not going around in a circle so to speak.

I apologize if this has been covered. I have been searching and
only read talk about not creating in your scenario.

ANSWER:

In addition to what Major Tom has said, you need to be a little bit
careful that you do not begin merely entering into a kind of
creative visualisation action. This, in Phasing Model terms, would
be an F1/F2 overlay.

For example, I have an extremely vivid imagination. I can sit here
now and imagine all manner of scenes "in my head" so to speak. But
this is not making what I call "the switch", which is the action of
transitioning your focus of mental attention out of Focus 1 and
into Focus 2 of consciousness.

Your imagination faculty is situated in Focus 2 of consciousness.
This is the area of consciousness where most people dream and have
their basic "astral projection" style experiences, lucid dream
experiences, etc. Focus 2 of consciousness is also the region where
people meet all their devils and demons, and whatever else besides.

Now, knowing that your imagination is situated in Focus 2 of
consciousness, what we do is create a little mental rundown that
engages our senses within the rundown to the extent where it
captures our focus of attention. As it captures our focus of
attention we make "the switch" and kind of, go to "meet" our
imagination.

So the idea is not to just simply remain in the physical creating
all manner of pretty pictures in our imagination. What we want to
do is to actually "step into" our imagination. Not just lie back
and view it as if from a distance.

Generally, if a person is losing concentration in their rundown
then they need to make the rundown more engaging, more captivating.
I mean, provided your physical body is fairly relaxed. You could
make your rundown as captivating as you like, but if you were
riding pillion on a motorbike then not much is going to happen in
the way of making a transition. :)

That is why I tend to practice this only when my physical body is
fairly relaxed anyway. After about 6 or 7 hours of sleep is my most
common time and often I do it now about 2 hours before I would
normally want to sleep.

If I want to be active, physically, then I get restless and give
up. I can't be bothered doing it, I'll have a list of things to do
and a full day and I want to get active and get on with it. So
under those circumstances I would find it next to impossible
because I simply want to be physically focused. But later on, when
I've done all I can for the day, then that's the time to lie back,
relax, and take a trip over to the other place and see what's what.

Yours,
Frank

=========================
QUESTION:

I made some more attempts to reach FoC 3, all of them failed

What usually happens is the following:

I'm at FoC 2 and decide to try to reach Fz, then usually the
thought pops up, that I might just end up in F1. I try to stay calm
and start to defocuse the dreamscape. the slats usually appear
without much problem. I then zoom into the blackness and the
dreamscape just falls away.

Now the trouble start: I usually find myself in a blackness (Fz?)
but after a very short periode of time ( about 1 sec.) I start to
feel my body lying in bed. this inevitably takes my focus back to
F1 and the experience ends.

No chance I can fly around in Fz and explore the darkness, the feel
of my physical body just pos up by itself. I tried to not focus on
the physical, but I fail every time. What am I doing wrong?

Or maybe it would be better to try to zoom directly to F3 instead
of Fz when leaving F2? Just defocus the dreamscape and focus on
reaching F3? would that be the way to go?

ANSWER:

I think you are not actually doing anything wrong. I think all you
need is more practice. It sounds to me like there is some
protective aspect of your awareness that is getting a little
fearful or maybe you are getting too excited. I'm assuming that
when you ended up back at the physical there was no problem like
you needed to use the bathroom or you were too hot or something. Or
there was not some kind of unusual sound or whatever that had
disturbed you. Because the physical can often bring you back, so to
speak, for all manner of niggling little reasons. It's just
something you have to accept.

But in your case, as you do not mention anything specific regarding
the physical, then I think a part of you is perhaps getting a
little fearful or excited. Unfortunately, any kind of fear or
excitement can put a spoke in the works. Maybe instead of zooming
into the blackness take a little walk, or let the blackness come to
you. In other words, slow down a little. You can attempt a direct
transition and bypass Fz entirely. But that is possibly trickier
than what you are attempting now. I say possibly because you can
never always tell in any individual case. But the transition
F2&gt;Fz&gt;F3 is normally the easiest route even though it would appear
a slightly more roundabout way of doing it.

You can always try bypassing F2 altogether and making an F1&gt;F3
transition, but that's typically even trickier still. Please
realise in all this that people will have their individual
stumbling blocks that may take a while for them to overcome. Some
people may have difficulties in other areas that you may find
straight forward and vice versa.

Yours,
Frank

=========================

QUESTION... was about searching in mind for that particular point
that Phasing practice is designed to develop, and follows on from
the last newsletter about going within you, not outside of you.

ANSWER:

Steve:

Yeah, ultimately you are going through this process so you can
develop/find/create that point in your mind that you can just relax
and "look to" in order to make that transition. But that's a while
away yet, I suspect. But don't let what I say stop you trying now
and again. You see, people who are genuine "mediums" have that
point in their mind already. But us guys who were born not so
lucky, have to go through all this rigmarole in order to develop
it. But it's a lot of fun and you can have quite a few good
experiences while you are doing it. But I have reached the stage
now where I can, more or less, find that place in mind.

The frustrating thing is that I cannot do it while entirely
physical. I would love to be able to just look in mind and have a
perfect F1 to F2/F3/F4 overlay experience. But realistically that's
perhaps 5 years or more away for me.

One of the most popular "realisation" style of PM's and emails I
get is from people saying, "Frank, I just read your post and it
suddenly struck me about what you were saying and I get the same
thing but I never knew what they were." That kind of thing. This I
am finding is one of the big benefits of finally being able to
offer people a "map" of the structure of the wider reality and the
characteristics of the experiences you can have in the different
areas. Because it allows people to catalogue their experiences and
at least they know where they are in the general scheme of things.

Loads of times I've talked to people and they've just discounted
something that's really important. So this is the main reason why I
set out with the intention of trying to present people with a "map"
they could understand. Having that they can at least know where
they are in the wider scheme of things. They may not be able to
fully control their experience, but at least they can recognise the
various elements of what they are experiencing. Otherwise, you end
up in a situation where you cannot control the experience and you
simply don't know what's happening to you either. So it's all
doubly confusing.

In your case it looks like your rundown leads you to an F1/F2
overlay experience. This is okay, it's one step removed from the
front-line physical so it's a definite sign of progress. Once you
detect this happening then let the overlay experience ride and try
to step into the mental scene that way. So your route would be:
F1&gt;F1/F2ov&gt;F2&gt;Fz&gt;F3. I know very well how much easier that was to
type than it is to do. But you are making definite progress. A
little more pushing in the right direction, coupled with a little
patience, should see you at F2 before not too long.

Yours,
Frank

=========================


If you want to offer feedback on any of the issues raised in this
newsletter, or if there are any other points that you wish to raise
then please email: frank@astralprojectiontruth.com I welcome your
thoughts, questions, etc., unless you are some rampaging mystic who
is mad about having your precious beliefs debunked then save it for
someone else. People have been deceived about the wider reality for
far too long and it's time they were told the truth for a change.

I will do my utmost to incorporate all ideas and answers to
questions in future editions of the newsletter. After all, this
newsletter is for your benefit so I want to make it as beneficial
to you as possible. And if you do write to me, please do not be
offended at the lack of a personal thank you. My mailbox is getting
fuller and fuller each day and I'm now at the stage where I'm
unable to personally respond to everyone. Which to me sounds a
little rude but there are only a certain number of hours in a day.

I've set up an auto-responder on the mailbox so at least you will
know that your email has been received. If I've received it then
you know I will read it and make careful note of what you have said.

So to anyone who does respond I'll say a big THANK YOU now for that.

========================
REMEMBER:
Private Tuition via Virtual Classroom
Is only a week to ten days away!
========================

   

========================

Author's Blog: Frank J. Kepple is a highly down-to-earth, no
nonsense explorer of non-physical realms. He actively separates
himself from what he calls the "mumbo jumbo" associated with
traditional mysticism. Using the analytical skills of a scientist,
he unravels the age-old mysteries of the wider reality in his goal
to teach his skills to others that he developed from his 22 years
of hands-on experience.

Frank is a regular visitor at astralpulse.com/forums

========================

Copyright © Frank J. Kepple 2005. All rights reserved.



Best wishes,


FRANK J. KEPPLE
